[WAF] Add rate limiting best practices (#6855)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/waf/rate-limiting-rules/best-practices.md

Counting characteristics | IP
Counting criteria        | URI Path equals `/login` and Request Method equals `POST` and Response Status Code is in (401, 403)
Counting expression      | `http.request.uri.path eq "/login" and http.request.method eq "POST" and http.response.code in {401 403}`
Rate (Requests / Period) | 10 requests / 10 minutes
Action                   | Managed Challenge
{{</table-wrap>}}

**Rule #3**

{{<table-wrap>}}
Setting                  | Value
-------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Matching criteria        | Host equals `example.com`
Expression               | `http.host eq "example.com"`
Counting characteristics | IP
Counting criteria        | URI Path equals `/login` and Request Method equals `POST` and Response Status Code is in (401, 403)
Counting expression      | `http.request.uri.path eq "/login" and http.request.method eq "POST" and http.response.code in {401 403}`
Rate (Requests / Period) | 20 requests / 1 hour
Action                   | Block for 1 day
{{</table-wrap>}}

> Rule #1 allows up to four requests per minute, after which a Managed Challenge is triggered. This configuration allows legitimate customers to recall their password with a few attempts. If an automated actor makes several requests, that client will likely be blocked by an unsolved Managed Challenge. On the other hand, if a human gets and passes the challenge when reaching rule #1's rate limit, rule #2 will provide the next level of protection, allowing for up to 10 requests over the next 10 minutes. For clients exceeding this second threshold, rule #3 (the most severe) will apply, blocking the client for one day.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rule #1 allows up to four requests per minute, after which a Managed Challenge is triggered. This configuration allows legitimate customers a few attempts to remember their password. If an automated actor makes several requests, that client will likely be blocked by an unsolved Managed Challenge. On the other hand, if a human gets and passes the challenge when reaching rule #1's rate limit, rule #2 will provide the next level of protection, allowing for up to 10 requests over the next 10 minutes. For clients exceeding this second threshold, rule #3 (the most severe) will apply, blocking the client for one day.
```

> 
> These three rules have a counting expression separate from the rule expression (also known as mitigation expression). When you configure a separate counting expression, the matching criteria will only be used when an action is triggered. In the counting expression you can include conditions based on the HTTP response status code and HTTP response headers, therefore integrating rate limiting with your back end logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

These three rules have a counting expression separate from the rule expression (also known as mitigation expression). When you configure a separate counting expression, the matching criteria will only be used when an action is triggered. In the counting expression you can include conditions based on the HTTP response status code and HTTP response headers, therefore integrating rate limiting with your backend logic.
```

> You can also decide to have two different expressions — a counting expression and a rule/mitigation expression — to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also decide to have two different expressions — a counting expression and a rule/mitigation expression — to define:
```

> 1. Define the requests used to compute the rate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The requests used to compute the rate.
```

> 2. Define the requests actually acted upon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The requests actually acted upon.
```

Rate (Requests / Period) | 20 requests / 5 minute
Action                   | Block
{{</table-wrap>}}

_These example rules require Advanced Rate Limiting and Bot Management._

If the application does not use a session cookie, you can use [JA3 fingerprints](/bots/concepts/ja3-fingerprint/) to identify individual clients. A JA3 fingerprint is a unique identifier, available to customers with [Bot Management](/bots/get-started/bm-subscription/), that allows Cloudflare to identify requests coming from the same client. All clients have an associated fingerprint, whether they are automated or not.

{{<table-wrap>}}
Setting                  | Value
-------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Matching criteria        | URI Path equals `/merchant` and Bot Score less than 10
Expression               | `http.request.uri.path eq "/merchant" and cf.bot_management.score lt 10`
Counting characteristics | JA3 Fingerprint
Rate (Requests / Period) | 10 requests / 1 minute
Action                   | Managed Challenge
{{</table-wrap>}}

_This example rule requires Advanced Rate Limiting and Bot Management._

## Protecting REST APIs

> APIs can put significant strain on the application back end because API requests can be expensive to compute or serve. These requests may also require complex operations (such as data processing and large data lookups) that, if abused, can eventually bring down an origin server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
APIs can put significant strain on the application backend because API requests can be expensive to compute or serve. These requests may also require complex operations (such as data processing and large data lookups) that, if abused, can eventually bring down an origin server.
```

Author: Curiously enough, I thought we were using "back end" when it wasn't an adjective. We have a few occurrences of "back end" in the docs that we should probably update.
